---
title: Sun Line
date: 2020-11-18T22:38:34.645Z
category: news
featuredImage: assets/sunline-1.jpg
thumbnail1: assets/sunline-2.jpeg
tags:
  - news
---
Movability. For Sunline, everything comes back to this concept. There is no rigidity to the band’s sound, and that’s the point. It’s a free and expressive blend of styles and influences. 



Sunline was formed in 2019, and instantly clicked as a group. Though the members have different musical influences and backgrounds, their sound is cohesive. Four members, Charlie Palm on vocals and bass, Henry Ptacek on drums, Max Newcomer playing piano, and Dante Turkow on guitar, come together to create this sound. Sunline merges the classic and timeless sounds of Marvin Gaye and Stevie Wonder with the effortlessness and catchiness of emerging indie acts like Boy Pablo or Yellow Days. “Like Jazz musicians playing pop music,” is how Charlie aptly describes it. 



Their shows reflect this unique style. It’s not a free-wheeling jam session, but there certainly isn’t a defined structure to the set either. They’d rather “let go,” allowing audiences to move, jam, and groove to their sound. This doesn’t come at the expense of the lyrics, though. Songwriter Charlie has written some great tracks for the group, like Cold Weather Head, which Sunline performed for the Wisconsin Music Collective’s Stairwell Sessions earlier this year. 



Sunline has an EP that is releasing sometime in the near future, and hopes to have a single released in the following month. They’ll be performing for the Wisconsin Performing Arts Committee's first Student Performance Showcase on Saturday, November 21st at 7:00. Even though it’ll be streamed on Twitch, Sunline hopes to provide an authentic and engaging experience for their audience. 



There aren’t a whole lot of groups that sound like Sunline. Between the diverse blend of influences and effortless sound, they provide a truly unique listening experience.